Fix API links for Scala.js 1.0.0 (#484)
scala-js/scala-js-website: doc/interoperability/sjs-defined-js-classes.md

### `js.constructorOf[C]`

> To obtain the JavaScript constructor function of a JS class (native or not) without instantiating it nor exporting it, you can use [`js.constructorOf[C]`]({{ site.production_url }}/api/scalajs-library/{{ site.versions.scalaJS }}/#scala.scalajs.js.package@constructorOf[T<:scala.scalajs.js.Any]:scala.scalajs.js.Dynamic), whose signature is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To obtain the JavaScript constructor function of a JS class (native or not) without instantiating it nor exporting it, you can use [`js.constructorOf[C]`]({{ site.production_url }}/api/scalajs-library/{{ site.versions.scalaJS }}/scala/scalajs/js/index.html#constructorOf[T<:scala.scalajs.js.Any]:scala.scalajs.js.Dynamic), whose signature is:
```

Author: Fixed in 1349916893f6b79555756ee40b5fc33ff9b99d44
